Director Wang of Heisei Hospital
Come to my mother's room
Take over Zhao Ke's job
What are you packing?
You also asked Dean Wang to come over for treatment
You old sick mother
Hey, you don't have a mirror
You have to pee and reflect on your own virtues
You've got one minute.
If you promise to wait for Dr. Zhao to come back and continue treatment
If you don't promise Dr. Zhao to come back
You get out of the hospital immediately and go home to die
My mother's life
It's not that you just buy a doctor
It can be dangerous
But when
Don't you still think that Dean Wang will come over?
You stinky poor grandchildren are sick
Dean Wang's daily affairs
I don't care about poor people like you
If you don't want him to die
Just go back with me obediently
Dr. Zhao is here
You guys, hurry up and get out of a roll